# The-Gaming-Room
design document
Briefly summarize The Gaming Room client and their software requirements. Who was the client? What type of software did they want you to design?
The gaming room is a puzzle based competition game with pictures that is developed on mobile platform. The client Creative Technology Solutions wanted to make a web based version of its game while keeping the game as close to the original look and interaction as possible. 
What did you do particularly well in developing this documentation? I like creating documents like this one because it helps convey to the client what you both want to accomplish in simple terms so they have the best experience with the product as they can. What I think went particularly well is researching in depth on each section to make sure that the information on there was as up to date with todays technology as possible. 
What about the process of working through a design document did you find helpful when developing the code? The design template was nice because it provided me with an outline of what the client wanted. We knew it was going to be web based so we had to add that in to the code. We also knew that they possibly wanted to expand the game in the future so we made the code easy to alter if we wanted to add more features to the game. 
If you could choose one part of your work on these documents to revise, what would you pick? How would you improve it? I think I would clean up the recommendations part of the document because I should have stuck firm on which system I would write it on instead of giving the pros and cons of each platform in each section. It might make the client second guess which platform is the best to have their game on. 
How did you interpret the user’s needs and implement them into your software design? Why is it so important to consider the user’s needs when designing? We knew that the client wanted to have a web based program with the same look and functionality so we needed to make sure that when we put it on the web we wrote in code to keep the program running smoothly on different computers with different hardware. We also wanted to leave them room to expand their game in the future if they wanted to as well. 
How did you approach designing software? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to analyze and design a similar software application? I would first sit down with the client and do the design template first because we would need to find out exactly what they want, and also what we could offer as our opinions on what operating system, if we are uplloading it to the Cloud or keeping it on private servers. I would then make a flowchart to make sure I see exactly how I need to make the program work and it helps to see if I missed anything. I would then start to write the code with lots of in line comments so I could show the client what was written and any extra features I added in the process. 
